Respected sir I understand it’s my mistake sir and I apologize for that sir, but please consider this time sir since because of this my entire project score went from 9/20 to 0, which would make me difficult to pass this course and continue my diploma. Please consider this request sir, sorry sir and this would never be repeated in future. My project evaluation was 9/20 initially sir, but later it came down to 0 because of this issue. Kindly consider sir please. Regards, S Sharmile 23f3001688
Thanks for relentless efforts @carlton @Jivraj I tested the docker file in docker playground again.. Please find the screenshot of the docker build command and the log output of the docker build.. It went thru without issues.. Was the latest docker file used from git lab? Because as explained on March 30 i had to remove the hardcoded http/https proxies of  my office environment, image (18) 1272×671 64.7 KB build output #0 building with "default" instance using docker driver

#1 [internal] load build definition from Dockerfile
#1 transferring dockerfile: 694B done
#1 DONE 0.0s

#2 [internal] load metadata for docker.io/library/python:latest
#2 DONE 0.5s

#3 [internal] load .dockerignore
#3 transferring context: 2B done
#3 DONE 0.0s

#4 [1/6] FROM docker.io/library/python:latest@sha256:aaf6d3c4576a462fb335f476bed251511f2f1e61ca8e8e97e9e197bc92a7a1ee
#4 DONE 0.0s

#5 [internal] load build context
#5 transferring context: 33B done
#5 DONE 0.0s

#6 [4/6] RUN uv --version
#6 CACHED

#7 [2/6] RUN apt-get update && apt-get install -y --no-install-recommends curl ca-certificates &&     apt-get clean && rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/*
#7 CACHED

#8 [3/6] RUN curl -sSfL https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
#8 CACHED

#9 [5/6] COPY execute.py /
#9 CACHED

#10 exporting to image
#10 exporting layers done
#10 writing image sha256:2919fe6ce0097ae2fc33aebaba327dbd6a35d256b6d946c97c310fd992944add done
#10 naming to docker.io/library/tdsproject1:latest done image 1480×117 9.41 KB
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/a/9/a90081b731c1b4fd6c4313837b50e3ca062d687d_2_690x363.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/b/8/b8f94b7678326660ebf7803d7c08ae0433b0dd59_2_690x54.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
image 1919×1079 301 KB 22f3002723: Was the latest docker file used from git lab No, we are not allowing any changes to repo after deadline, this is consistent rule for every student. We pulled your github repo latest commit before 18th feb, I am getting following error.
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/b/d/bd6b7a633fa356674be001b8861629604fb08ea4_2_690x387.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://dub1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/22f3002723/48/110636_2.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
follow the steps mentioned in post below Tds-official-Project1-discrepencies - Courses / Tools in Data Science - IITM-DSA
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/slight_smile.png?v=14' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
23F300327: To test the functionality correctly, npx must be installed inside the running container. This can be fixed by entering the container and installing Node.js and npm using: That destroys the purpose of containerization, your container should run anywhere anytime, all the dependencies must be preinstalled.
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://dub1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/23f300327/48/91361_2.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Thanks @carlton @Jivraj As mentioned earlier, the pre Feb 18 dockerFile commited in GIT had  my office proxy url’s set as http_proxy and https_proxy.. It worked in my office envuironment and i tested everything in my office environment but based on the results which came on March last week realised that the proxies were preventing the uv to be installed in other environments. Post that realised we have cloud based "docker playground’ utility where docker builds can be tested agonistic of any environment.. The good thing with playground is our instances last for only 3 hrs and next day we try we are kind of gauranteed of fresh environment without any caches, Now after March 30th checkin validated the same in docker playground and ensured that the image got tagged and createdd successfully.. It would be great if the March 30th checkin could be considered, Again appreciate all your help so far.
Subject: Request for Verification of Dockerfile and Reevaluation of Marks for Project 1 @carlton @Jivraj Sir, Regarding the recent feedback on Project 1 for TDS , it was mentioned that there is no Dockerfile in my GitHub repo. However, the Dockerfile is named dockerfile (not Dockerfile ). Please verify the repository again with this in mind. Additionally, my Docker image architecture is linux/amd64 (64-bit x86 ). I have also filled out the Architecture Information Collector form as requested. Pre-requisites check: (1 for pass, 0 for fail) Docker repo exists and is public (should have a timestamp before 18th of Feb): 1 Github repo exists and is public (should have a timestamp before 18th of Feb): 1 Github repo check - LICENSE or LICENSE.md file exists (MIT License): 1 Gihub repo check - Dockerfile exists: 0 image 1914×1021 91.6 KB Here’s the link to my GitHub repository: github.com GitHub - 23f1001822/task_agent_api Contribute to 23f1001822/task_agent_api development by creating an account on GitHub. Docker repo submitted: sakshamumate/task_agent_api I kindly request a reevaluation of my project marks based on these clarifications. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Please let me know if you need any further information or clarification. Best regards, Saksham Umate , 23f1001822@ds.study.iitm.ac.in
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/e/a/eaea99d88c244f6d9e7407183e4d96e2e1c35d2f_2_690x368.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/d/8/d83b83eaf69931596b2cddbbfea39884f17e047a_2_690x344.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Sir, I had posted the query on A8 and datagen exception. Is this a reply to that?
oh yeah sorry, hit the reply to the wrong button, but yes its to your post.
I’ve got good news for you and 30 other students. Thanks to your diligent debugging effort that we were able to find this bug. For now the fix is that we will not evaluate you on a8 and catch the datagen exception so as to not cause cascading failures. Thanks and kind regards. We will let you know the outcome of the evaluations soon.
@carlton @Jivraj any way out for my earlier query ?
@carlton Thank you for the reply .But it was working when i ran the initial evalaute.py .If you don’t  mind could you tell what may have caused this to happen.
Hi Hilal, You have to recreate the test environment as shown in this post Tds-official-Project1-discrepencies Tools in Data Science To replicate the test environment: 
Fetch the github repo’s latest commit before 18th feb use below code for that. You need to have github cli installed on your system and need authentication for certain github api enpoint access. Once authenticated and providing the appropriate repo details you can  run this code using uv. 
# /// script
# dependencies = [
#   "requests",
# ]
# ///

import requests
import datetime as dt
import zoneinfo
import argparse
import os
import zipfile

parser = argparse.… That way you will be able to identify why the error was occuring. The specific error itself means: Docker is trying to run the command uv inside your container, but it can’t find the uv executable — it’s not installed or not in the system PATH inside the container. If you did not run evaluate.py as specified in our live sessions by recreating the test environment and then running evaluate.py then it would not have reflected how your dockerised application would work. Kind regards
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://dub1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/carlton/48/56317_2.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
sir for my project 1 i got a mail stating that the docker file isn’t public and that’s why prerequisite failed. but i checked it and it seemed absolutely perfect to me. Please look into this issue as my docker repo is public and absolutely as per the requirement. @carlton @Jivraj
Hi @22f3003083 Following was your submission, which is not a valid dockerrepo. image 1829×251 22 KB
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/c/f/cf43ec80b28a06b6a45f49123430da5b2d20bad6_2_690x94.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Now I feel so good getting 0. 0 is best.
@carlton @Jivraj As requested earlier, Could you please reevaluate my submission.  The only change that had to be done post Feb 18 checkin was to remove my office proxies on Mar 30 from the docker file  to make it work in all environments.. It  would be great if this could be accomodated..
Hi Jayaram, Unfortunately, we are not able to relax restrictions on changes to your repo, regardless of the reason. We have kept this rule uniform for everyone. If we allow this change, then everyone has a legitimate reason to request changes and would make the rule meaningless because then everyone will be able to make corrections to their submission. We do not even allow spelling changes. Kind regards
Thanks for the response @carlton ..  just a small suggestion, to avoid scenarios like what i faced and also with softwares like docker/podman not being too windows friendly, i think students can find it easier if a dev/mock  linux env is provided for course term duration, instead of   everyone having to figuring out with AWS/Azure and all providers.. Anyway thanks and appreciate all the help
Sir, I have done everything for my project, but I am getting zero. I have uploaded my Docker file, but the email says it is not public. Sir, this is affecting my grades — please help me out. @Carlton
