These are your project 1 responses, image 1737×291 23.2 KB We are considering latest submission which have docker repo maheshsingh01/tdsrepos which is not accessible publically. image 1866×949 92.7 KB
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/a/7/a73f7a58a671b757d3df0929df3e0aa912955e6c_2_690x115.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/1/7/174c8e4e8ad4c6e537203447df3d370b0efa8782_2_690x350.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Sir, could you please check it once more? I think the issue has been resolved. @carlton @Jivraj
Since repo was not public during evaluation, we won’t be rechecking, or reevaluating.
@Jivraj I’ve completed all the required steps, but I’m still getting 0, It was working fine before. Could you please help me identify what might be going wrong?
Hi @21f3003107 You need to look it up yourself, We have sent out evaluation log and docker log files, check those out. Evaluation script and other scripts that we have used are there in github repository over here. Tds-official-Project1-discrepencies - Courses / Tools in Data Science - IITM-DSA If there is some mistake from our end let us know about it. To replicate test environment follow steps provided below. Tds-official-Project1-discrepencies - Courses / Tools in Data Science - IITM-DSA
@carlton Requested sir This is to request that in my evaluation a got 0 cause of the use of lowercase d instead of uppercase D but I have already submitted the  docker file in my git hub repo also. WhatsApp Image 2025-04-11 at 23.34.06_a49fd1e5 912×727 79.5 KB
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/1/3/1312efae69b50e418bc708a80bd11f752a9be4a5_2_627x500.jpeg' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
@carlton Thank you i found my mistake in my docker file i wrote  this  CMD [“uv”, “run”, “app.py”]  instead of CMD [“uvicorn”, “main:app”, “–host”, “0.0.0.0”, “–port”, “8000”].Now i think everything works fine
Sir my repo was public
Sir any news on this? Did my score increase at all? My dashboard still shows the old score.
@carlton sir, my project 1 marks have still not increased even though while during evaluation it shows 4/10 for the task 1. It was said that the docker image prerequisite will be removed and without that the evaluation would be done, but there is still no change in my marks. please look into it once, as my dashboard currently reflects 0 for project 1.
These evals are being handled separately. They have not yet been completed. Kindly bear with us till they are complete.
Same here @carlton in my evaluation logs i have scored 10 while marks being reflected are not the same neither on mail nor on site
I looked at your evaluation logs and it says 1 score instead of 10.
Good evening! 1000092114|690x198 I am writing to you to request you please relook into the evaluation. The docker image which I share is working at my end.  The size of the image is 6 GB which may take more than 5 minutes to load as I wasn’t aware of the infra level restrictions. I request you to kindly consider my request and please re-evaluate the assignment as I have contributed a lot of effort into it. Thanks, Garima
Sir, so will my score get updated because now it is marked as 0.
@carlton @Jivraj Sir, I am Saksham Umate and my project 1 was to be re-evaluation because of docker file not found in root ,but it was their so you had given me confirmation that it will re-evaluate after end term. I had already shared my docker file systems configuration at docker hub So, I hope you will look at this and re-evaluate my project as I put lots of efforts to complete it Tell me if any information is needed about project from my side Thank you! Best regards, Saksham My docker repo details in previous post: Tds-official-Project1-discrepencies Tools in Data Science Subject: Request for Verification of Dockerfile and Reevaluation of Marks for Project 1 @carlton @Jivraj Sir, 
Regarding the recent feedback on Project 1 for TDS, it was mentioned that there is no Dockerfile in my GitHub repo. However, the Dockerfile is named dockerfile (not Dockerfile). Please verify the repository again with this in mind. 
Additionally, my Docker image architecture is linux/amd64 (64-bit x86). I have also filled out the Architecture Information Collector form as requested. 
P… IMG_20250417_114002 1080×2083 469 KB
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://dub1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/23f1001822/48/66833_2.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/3/f/3f8ee39bed46e6f2a196634ca56106c56c42003d_2_259x500.jpeg' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Evaluations are done for such cases where Dockerfile(with name of Dockerfile as Dockerfile ) was present inside other folders than root folder of your github repo.
@carlton sir, any info on outcome of this bug in P1 datagen.py ?
Did Mark’s are updated or being update for this students ?
Hi @22f3000819 We had updated datagen.py(try block for task) which affected 30 students, but scores changed only for 4 students, for others it remained the same.
