Hello sir, i vividly remember submitting the project 2 url in the google form that was posted for the project 2 in the course website. Despite that I have a grade of absent for the project score. Can you please check and confirm the same.. Warm regards Shashank J Shetty @carlton @Jeevesh
Dear Sir, I too have submitted the Project 2 in TDS but despite of that I have shown as Absent in the dashboard. Please check and let me know.
image 1491×166 5.46 KB in this question even though the answer is correct except those extra spaces it has been showing error plz check into this @carlton
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/5/f5178de7b817bd185e7190f821cf28c505ac25e1.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Dear Sir, I too have submitted the Project 2 in TDS but despite of that I have shown as Absent in the dashboard. Kindly address this and let me know. @carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini
Respected sir,I have submitted project 2 in tds and I have checked and found out that some testcases have passed…despite that,I have got a zero in project 2…please check into this problem and let me know.
Dear Sir, I too have submitted the Project 2 in TDS but despite of that I have shown as Absent in the dashboard. Kindly address this and let me know. @carlton @Jivraj
Dear sir, I shreyansh Singh (23f2002745) have also submitted the google form, could it please be rechecked I have been marked absent
