Here’s a mindmap created based on a very simplified summary of a few development tools as discussed in the live session- it might be a useful starting point to explore and understand web apps if you aren’t too familiar with them. Week1TDS 2479×778 169 KB
The image is a mind map about development tools. Key tools include Python libraries like Flask for app skeletons, HTML/CSS/JS for frontend design, Git/GitHub for version control and collaboration, Uv for running Python environments, databases like SQLite for data storage, and Terminal for executing commands. It asks the question "what do we use?" relating to these tools.

@22f3000680 My only comment here would be, in TDS we do not use html, css  or js for creating what the user will see. For us the reason to know this is to help us extract data. We will not be creating any user frontends. For a developer, they will use these technologies to create front ends, validation etc. We leverage them for data extraction as data scientists. sqlite (or more broadly databases) again will be used purely from a data extraction perspective. We will not require you to learn how to create them or modify them. The goal in TDS is not to make you a developer, but rather to understand how to leverage technologies to source, extract, transform and deploy data in a useable form, which is very different from being a software developer. Granted there are significant overlaps when you learn these technologies and tools. Being good at TDS will inevitably mean you will be significantly well equipped to create end to end solutions. Learning html, css, javascript, sql will give you the capability to develop web sites etc, but we are never going to create one and so we will not spend time learning how to build one. Nice map! Kind regards
