Dear Learner, This is the discussion thread for Graded Assignment 7 . Please post any queries related to it here. Deadline: 2025-03-26T18:29:00Z
Is it compulsory to use microsoft powerpoint? Can we use google slides?
We will be using scripts to check the submissions. You will have to use PowerPoint. Kind regards
Hi @carlton , I was working on GA7 as part of Task 4 in 7.1. In task 4.Sheet1, the columns include Series ID, Item, Year, Month, and Value. While I could extract Series ID and Item, I couldn’t locate Year, Month, or Value in the dataset. Could someone please assist me with this? image 1393×657 67.8 KB
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/a/6/a68861da691806bfec99dc5a1430e57440f508c6_2_690x325.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
There is another dataset provided for the other records.
image 1227×791 78.2 KB Monthly Price Indices file have those columns.
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/f/2/f29503cb82bdf0e5bfb45009597ef56609982c17_2_690x444.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
@ Jivraj In the GA 7.1 part it is said that we need data of which columns are but the dataset provided has no column named “Item”
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/6/a6fdec02b5239ef02c5198e250c8a2d6eb007b82.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/1/a121b005d9edc2469571d46018f450882b3fcb81.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Thanks a lot for pointing out and sorry it’s my bad missed it.
Item is there in other sheet we might have to join them to get items.
We have to extract all id’s and their respective item from other sheet and add in first sheet with respect to id’s .
@carlton Sir I don’t have Microsoft PowerPoint. What should I do ?
Use the free version on Microsoft 365
Below items don’t have prices. PCU3254123254127111 Anticoagulants, hemostatics, and digitalis preparations PCU3254123254127114 Calcium channel blockers PCU325412325412MM Miscellaneous receipts PCU325412325412D112OC Other digestive or genito-urinary preparations, over-the-counter PCU325412325412D113 Antacids PCU325412325412SS Secondary products PCU3254123254127112 ACE inhibitors Some items don’t have prices for all 24 months. Although the assignment says 24 months (I assumed 2023 January to 2024 December) data, many items have prices for 2025 Jan as well. Monthly Price Indices for Segments (Two-year data) Shall I delete the records for which price is not available? image 1290×648 53.1 KB @carlton @Jivraj
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/a/1a6b77faf6850d0af1282a8b367f2daa95496baa.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
How to give the access to power point slides with the edit option ?
@carlton Can you please advise regarding the ga.7.2 as the The current top 5 countries by GDP in 2014 from the dataset are actually aggregated economic groups (not individual countries). can i proceed with that or I need to filter only the individual countries
once i submitted the answers. but when i clicked on edit response and it deleted all the submitted answers. What to do in this case @carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini
Hi Tanya, Both you responses have been recorded. So it has not been deleted. Its just the way google forms works, it does not reload your previous responses. Kind regards
