The question asked for top 5 countries. So that would be the approach for this question, not aggregated economic groups.
Hi @carlton sir, I have received the bonus marks email with 5 additional HTML files for peer review. However, I noticed that one of these files was also included in the initial peer grading email. Could you please clarify if I should fill out the peer review form for this particular file again, or should I skip it since it has already been graded? 1000041565 1280×349 87.7 KB
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/5/c/5c4178ae6580442d7ab92893ab19c065e7e9b672_2_690x188.jpeg' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Hi Shambhavi, Thanks for the update. We will look into it. Thanks once again
Sir, In case we are not provided access to view their respective sheets, we would have no option but to either leave the column blank or mark it as 0. However, if others have marked it differently based on their available information, there is a possibility that our responses may vary — potentially exceeding the permissible variance limit of ±33%. In such a scenario, would this mean we would not be eligible for the bonus? Additionally, it would be really helpful if a uniform approach or standard marking could be communicated for such cases where access is not granted. This would ensure consistency across all submissions and avoid discrepancies arising from random or subjective entries, which seems to be happening currently.
If you are not provided access, contact the peer. Their email is there in the html file. It’s in the peers interest and yours. That’s an important aspect of GA7, it’s to get people to work together and collaborate. Peer reviews like the real world is going to be messy. The way to reduce the messiness is to communicate with one another.
@carlton sir can you please clarify what do we have to write in google form if there is no submission?
You have two options. Get in touch with the peer (you have their email address), this is the recommended approach. Or you could give them zero because you were not able to evaluate their submission.
