I have submitted GA 7 in TDS multiple times, inspite of this it is showing not submitted. Please inspect
@carlton @POD_TEAM how to peer review for GA7 where is the link??
Dont worry about seek portal. GA 7 scores will only get pushed once peer reviews are done. (roughly 3 days before end term). Kind regards
@carlton @Jivraj What is to be done if the student in question has not done a question? We are required to fill an answer in the quantitative part. We can’t leave it blank.
Just put zero there. Since all the quantitative answers are positive.
Hi Sir, How to get to know about the peer reveiew , till now i have not got any intimation for doing peer review
You were sent an email about it. With the peers to review. It came from the official TDS email. You were sent an email on the 1st of April. Kind regards
Hi @carlton sir, I have received the bonus marks email with 5 additional HTML files for peer review. However, I noticed that one of these files was also included in the initial peer grading email. Could you please clarify if I should fill out the peer review form for this particular file again, or should I skip it since it has already been graded? 1000041565 1280×349 87.7 KB
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/5/c/5c4178ae6580442d7ab92893ab19c065e7e9b672_2_690x188.jpeg' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Thanks we have made a correction and sent an email.
