Please give the date, time and agenda also please.
Yes sir , As soon as we know we will send an announcement. Kind regards.
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/saluting_face.png?v=12' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
the model keeps wrong answer, it says uvicorn for uv and has no info on how to run uv even after explicitly giving instructions(basically an older model) , basic “ls” command is also wrong, among other things. You can check your logs with respect to my api key. Do you think we could access a better model? Maybe Download Deepseek 70b or even 671b and create an api while y’all run the model locally, in the long it would be cheaper for the course? because the model doesn’t know basic commands after telling how to do it. So if the model gives us wrong commands 2/3 times then how would we even solve the question. I spent a week on this just saying @s.anand @carlton @Jivraj
sent pull request maybe accept it then please
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/upside_down_face.png?v=12' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
can we have the code for this session please? @Jivraj @carlton
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/5/75628a6b4c923f0a11501b30fafc0317310f82fd.jpeg' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
i need some help can you send me your repo?
Hello, I recently started working on the project. I understood how to do all the phase A tasks on a high level but I’m struggling to start the implementation of the first task in phase A. I’m confused mainly about how the /data directory is supposed to be created, I don’t know how to generate the data and a little confused about the output formats. I would appreciate if I could get in contact with anyone who could guide me in the right direction.
Hello everyone, @s.anand @carlton I had a few queries regarding the project; I am preloading my docker image with uv and generating the /data files when the container is ran. For task A1, I am automating my server to remove the /data directory that’s already present and run datagen.py again. Is this fine? For /read endpoint, is there a standard for parameters like “path=/data/format.md” or the parameter could be a plain english sentence like “path=show the data in format.md”? Are we concerned about what’s shown on the console if I run a /run command as long as it gets the job done? For tasks A1-10, are the file paths provided in the project doc standard or even they’re flexible? Ex. “Count the number of Wednesdays in file /data/format.md, and write just the number to /data/out.txt”
+1
Dear Sir, Can we have a mentorship program for TDS for those who have no experience in programming like me ? thanks & regards. ULAGAOOZHIAN
For Project-1 to complete, it requires: "You MUST complete ALL these 3 steps to get a score. Failure to do so will result in getting 0 in the project. If you do not do ALL these 3 steps before the deadline, there will be no appeal available. • Fill the form that is on the Project Page But I did not get the form; where is it? While I checked inside the project pages also.
Hi Dewang, Screenshot 2025-02-03 at 6.27.39 pm 1 2268×1766 491 KB Please read the Project page Deliverables carefully as well as the Evaluation Pre - Requisites. Kind regards
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/9/2/9286f3dcf5984d514cf6a40996bd5040f5d9c306_2_642x500.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS-Project1-Ollama_FastAPI- README.md main # TDS-Project1-Ollama_FastAPI-
## Info
- Create codespaces on main or evalution script branch
Use history.txt to get sqlite to version 3.45.3 into bash session 
   - 64  export PATH=/opt/conda/bin:$PATH
   - 65  export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/conda/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
   - 66  python3 -c "import sqlite3; print(sqlite3.sqlite_version)"

- cd to latest_ai_development and run cmd [ crewai run] which set up server 
- Then in a separate bash terminal run "python evaluate.py" 
- also make sure to enter openai or sanand api key in crew.py

# Simple history of commands
1. Terminal 1 
    - 1  python3 -c "import sqlite3; print(sqlite3.sqlite_version)"
    - 2  export PATH=/opt/conda/bin:$PATH
    - 3  export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/conda/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
    - 4  python3 -c "import sqlite3; print(sqlite3.sqlite_version)"
    - 5  cd latest_ai_development/
    - 7  pip install crewai crewai-tools This file has been truncated. show original My take on autonomous agents. Limited by model capabilities to some extent. Will use function calling hence forth but here is a quick look at using crewai for agent tasks.
Sir @carlton @Jivraj just saying, If possible Please do 40-50% of project in upcoming live sessions so that we all have atleast something to submit.
I am using ubuntu. How do I use python 3.13. It says my python version is 3.12 even after installing python 3.13 Someone please help
@s.anand sir, I see that the project 1 timeline was changed from February 7 - 17, 2025 to January 17 - February 15 which undoubtedly is a good increase in duration. However, I have my GATE DA exam on Feb 15 and the exam center is unexpectedly far. So, I request you to consider pushing the deadline to at least Feb 16. If not, I’ll still do my best.
Hello! @carlton @s.anand Is the proxy server down right now? I am getting this error when I am accessing the endpoint: {‘id’: ‘chatcmpl-Axq55TzulOVjHYuXYIhkRQzCC3PNl’, ‘object’: ‘chat.completion’, ‘created’: 1738824915, ‘model’: ‘gpt-4o-mini-2024-07-18’, ‘choices’: [{‘index’: 0, ‘message’: {‘role’: ‘assistant’, ‘content’: …, ‘costError’: ‘crypto.createHash is not a function’} Or, do I have to install crypto module?
@21f3002390 - AI Proxy is working and you did get the result. You can ignore any costError . It won’t happen in the future anyway. What’s happening? I was trying to generate a unique hash for each request, as a precursor to caching requests. But I made a mistake in the code. Specifically, crypto.createHash is not supported in CloudFlare. I fixed that by removing this. I’ll introduce caching later if required.
For the question #A8 on recognizing the credit card number in the image, Open AI doesn’t seem to be recognizing the number correctly and as a result the evaluation is failing. What should be the solution? image 913×498 13.6 KB
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/a/eab0a8c362c564a00917bb033bce6ad5ba40d103.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
When will live sessions for demo project start? If started please provide link for that as I am unable to get what the project is about and what are the initial steps to start project.
