Thanks for your response, @Carlton . It seems I won’t be able to proceed with the project until this issue is resolved. Also, I haven’t used LLM so much until February 7th to cost $2.
Every request you send, gives you a response back with exactly how much that request cost. So you can track your usage.
I’m aware of that. I’ve mostly noticed a cost of $0.0003 per request, so I haven’t been tracking my total monthly expenses. Moving forward, I’ll keep a record of the cost for each request. Also, do strong prompts impact the overall cost?
@carlton Is the project session happening today? I don’t have the link. Can you please send it if it’s happening?
Hi, where is the link for todays Project 1 demo session? @carlton @Jivraj
https://meet.google.com/odh-ycbm-ahj?authuser=0
request http://localhost:8000/run?task=Extract the sender's email from /data/email.txt and write to /data/email-sender.txt](http://localhost:8000/run?task=Extract the sender's email from /data/email.txt and write to /data/email-sender.txt) output {    "detail": "Error code: 401 - {'error': {'message': 'Your authentication token is not from a valid issuer.', 'type': 'invalid\_request\_error', 'param': None, 'code': 'invalid\_issuer'}}"} @carlton sir I am getting this issue while running my script. Please help!
I’m getting an error in task a2, def do_a2(): “”“Format markdown using prettier”“” format_md_path = DATA_ROOT / “format.md” subprocess.Popen([“prettier”, str(format_md_path), “–write”, “–parser”, “markdown”]) print(“data formatted successfully”) any idea how to fix this? Also in A8, a 5 and a 3 is getting interchanged. Can someone help why that is hapening, I changed the prompt to include caution about not switching 3 and 5 as well, that didn’t help either
what is  the session time?
Screenshot 2025-02-11 181453 1459×207 15.3 KB Could you kindly help me with this
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/7/b7b024074300d61b0df1d7ebf727f9cfb8fcceae.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
in checking for the task of json my code is outputting json with double quotes (valid json) and evaluate.py has exact same json but with single quotes , what should I do?
check out my repo and download the datagen and evaluate file for testing
it should work, use fastapi text response when /read api
Has anyone used a local LLM for testing? If so, could you please share the request URL and the request body format? I attempted to use a local LLM, but I was unable to succeed
use ollama it is openai api compatible, supports function calling without json schema for tool usage. Check it out
NEED HELP. CAN SOMEONE CONTACT OLLAMA AND ASK THEM TO CHECK THEIR CODE ITS HAS SOME SILLY MISTAKES IN CODE EXAMPLES. I DONT KNOW HOW TO DO IT. LINK TO PAGE WITH CODE EXAMPLE Screenshot 2025-02-11 232608 919×714 22.4 KB correct code in step 2 collection query step response = ollama.embed(
  model="nomic-embed-text:latest",
  input=task
)
results = collection.query(
  query_embeddings=response["embeddings"], #here embeddings and also not list of list as response embeddings already gives correct format
  n_results=1
)
data = results['documents'][0][0] @s.anand @Jivraj @carlton
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/7/27adf05313946c445fec614cd1fd17ba6c1f4cde.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
@s.anand @carlton @Jivraj While implementing the Phase B tasks, can I take the data (csv file, git repo, audio, sqlite/duckdb database, website, image and markdown file) of my choice and perform any operation on them as long as they meet the critetia mentioned in the Phase B task list? Please guide.
@s.anand @carlton @Jivraj In the Task B5, where we have to run an SQL query on a sqlite or duckdb database, should I create a database on my own and then take the query to be ran on it as an argument? Or should I take the query as an argument and run it on the ticker_sales.db in ./data folder? Please guide
same issue on my side as well
on using the AIPROXY_TOKEN from here https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/ getting this error : Error: Your authentication token is not from a valid issuer. @carlton @Jivraj please help!
