@carlton . I cannot send requests to https://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1 . Getting  $RateLimitError: Error code: 429 - {‘message’: 'On 2025-02 you used $2.0003758999999954, exceeding 2'} . Looks like I used all of my credit . What can I do now ? Project is also Incomplete.
Try creating a better prompt for this task. Hint: Ask it to recheck certain similar looking digits.
After submitting docker image through, it will be pulled and our token will be used. Things to be checked at your end. 1. podman run -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN -p8000:8000 $IMAGE_NAME works fine 2.  Above command will start 8000 server so use evaluate.py to test if things are working as expected. Kind regards. Jivraj
Hi @JoelJeffrey What you did wrong and how did you correct it?
I think there was something wrong with the way the code was getting inputs (keys). I just rewrote that part and it worked
Hi @22f3001307 Provide required write permissions to /data folder. We will also discuss this issue regarding permissions in initial part of today’s session. Kind regards
Hello sir, Is yesterday’s session not uploaded to YouTube yet ? I couldn’t find it in calendar either…
Command to run the image in the docs, seemed to have some error, The command: podman run $IMAGE_NAME -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN -p 8000:8000 gives the error: crun: executable file `-e` not found in $PATH: No such file or directory: OCI runtime attempted to invoke a command that was not found However the correct command seems to be: podman run -e AIPROXY_TOKEN="$AIPROXY_TOKEN" -p 8000:8000 $IMAGE_NAME This works totally fine. @Jivraj
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/0/e/0e724c8ad15be3f5051e9abaf562830a2a1217ec.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/f/cf9060b0880a8d94e57a14ce300b4dcc714ed117.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
nvm i can laugh nw xD
One final question @Jivraj @carlton , will our projects be evaluated with our AIPROXY_TOKEN or a different one. Because my project is done but for evaluation if my AIPROXY_TOKEN is used, it might be out of credits.
Thanks. Do you know the new date?
That wasn’t said, but it was not this weekend for sure.
my automation is happening and prompt distribution too but it just isnt able to pass any test after 1st in evaluation.py did someone else face same problem if yes then how to solve it please help
actually that easyocr is directly sending the clear text(no confusion) to llm and llm is just extracting the  exact numbers from it .
[quote=“23f2001975, post:211, topic:164277, full:true”] @s.anand @carlton While running the evaluation.py i am facing several issues because my output isnt strictly adhering sometimes to it will the checking be on such a basis only for example in A3 EXPECTED: 129 RESULT: “129” this is the error i get while it is the function in eval.py checking problem as it gets response as text and doesnt strip (“”) Please guide what should i do
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/warning.png?v=12' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/warning.png?v=12' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
21f2000709: podman run -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=“$AIPROXY_TOKEN” -p 8000:8000 $IMAGE_NAME Yes this is correct command, we will update in project page.
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://dub1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/21f2000709/48/134907_2.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Project 1 - LLM-based Automation Agent - Discussion Thread [TDS Jan 2025] Tools in Data Science After submitting docker image through, it will be pulled and our token will be used. 
Things to be checked at your end. 
1. podman run -e AIPROXY_TOKEN=$AIPROXY_TOKEN -p8000:8000 $IMAGE_NAME works fine 
2.  Above command will start 8000 server so use evaluate.py to test if things are working as expected. 
Kind regards. 
Jivraj
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://avatars.discourse-cdn.com/v4/letter/j/b9bd4f/48.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 451 Client Error:  for url: https://avatars.discourse-cdn.com/v4/letter/j/b9bd4f/48.png
@Jivraj sir I get this error but my app.py is able to get the server running on localhost and not on 0.0.0. image 1014×190 18.2 KB could you please help ?
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/e/d/ed519f25f712a007f48e1e2f3cf5cf7f946271cb.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
When i am trying evaluate the code, I am getting the following error Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/var/folders/rj/z_3b8hl51558519w90k5hp600000gn/T/evaluateyea70I.py", line 20, in <module>
    from datagen import (
    ...<9 lines>...
    )
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'datagen' can someone tell me what i should do? @carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini
@22f3001307 Install datagen.py in the same folder from where you are executing evaluate.py. @vikramjncasr Check how you are executing, use uv or else install required modules globally Kind regards
