password are not visible in wsl when typed, just type and enter if it matches, the process will continue
Sir If possible please extend the Project deadline.
same error the execution is correct but format.md file is not modified with correct markdown format
@carlton @Jivraj can u please upload the video that was recorded on 12th Feb, as I am able to view only the video that was last recorded on 11th Feb (3 hrs 57 mins video). As I am doing the project completely from the recorded videos, please post those videos in youtube at the earliest.
Hi @23f2003413 Because of some technical issues we could not record 12 Feb session. That was doubt clearing session regrading project1. Kind regards
Can we submit project number of times before deadline…
thanks for you feedbacak I have figured it out! Thanks it means a lot…
A silly Doubt though but still a doubt! Could we create an image first of our project in initial stage(ie the my “app.py” is not completely ready) but I have build an docker image including the app.py and other dependencies. Should I give the same url now and then carry on updating the app.py Or, Should first complete and then upload in the form! plz reply!!
Can you send the link for the video on 11th Feb?
How did you resolve the file cannot be found error?
image 872×550 16.5 KB pls help with this error
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/c/5c040c4323f2d2dfbeb3c76334f44adc7a59343f.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Sir, could you please mention the title of youtube videos in which the project session are covered?
Hi, When yesterday’s recorded video will be uploaded in youtube?
Thanks for the prompt reply @Jivraj . I have done the project setup till whatever was covered on the 11th Feb session. I am not able to proceed further as I have no clue on how to work on this. Can you please help me out as it would mean a lot.
@carlton @23f1002382
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/9/b990ffaadbfcbad12d865c514f3d6b48e5bc7cf2.jpeg' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Are you subscribed to the TDS channel? If you were it would notify you immediately when it was uploaded. (10am this morning). Please subscribe to the channel. It was also on the main page for TDS. https://tds.s-anand.net/#/README YouTube Tools in Data Science Share your videos with friends, family, and the world Kind regards
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/8/5/85553e6b4edcc2dda60afe0f9f82c7f3dbf31e04.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/0/5/05fae46322d62fdfa90a7c47a2011056f549cd9b_2_500x500.jpeg' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Thanks sir, Now I subscribed to the channel.
Hi @carlton sir! Is this video (Week-5 Session-3) the continuation video from the previous session (Week-5 Session-1), since the Session-2 video has not been recorded and uploaded. I am totally relying on these videos to complete the project sir. Please help me out!
offical answer is you dont, you let run it in docker and it would apparently work , im not there yet, bus as of of now , create your docker image and start testing there
