not yet maybe in an hour, im building, but after that running in docker is different ball game, thats why , i need quick debugs in a meeting, other people also can join, maybe tomorrow, i have an exam tomorrow, so preferably , collectively before project submission . IF YOU HAVE TIME
23f1002382: Sure tell me I would try, if I am online then otherwise tomorrow if it’s late
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://dub1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/23f1002382/48/68945_2.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
I am getting this error while pulling docker image ansh@Lenovo:~/llm_project$ podman pull docker.io/ansh205/llm_project:final Trying to pull docker.io/ansh205/llm_project:final … Error: parsing image configuration: Get “ https://docker-images-prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com/registry-v2/docker/registry/v2/blobs/sha256/07/079f65bc553514a8f38a08fd959e932ca984894a64eed71fca406f3353b71d3b/data?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=f1baa2dd9b876aeb89efebbfc9e5d5f4%2F20250214%2Fauto%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20250214T172706Z&X-Amz-Expires=1200&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Signature=073575bf08338fcdda378b997ebe749b15a6b676ed7b80fbf4c3f8080a791152 ”: dial tcp: lookup docker-images-prod.6aa30f8b08e16409b46e0173d6de2f56.r2.cloudflarestorage.com on 10.255.255.254:53: server misbehavingPreformatted text
@carlton @Jivraj @s.anand @Saransh_Saini sir please provide me other api key. My current request cost is full. Full LLM Response: {‘message’: ‘On 2025-02 you used $2.000143640000001, exceeding $2’}
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/run?task=Extract%20sender%20email
  % Total    % Received % Xferd  Average Speed   Time    Time     Time  Current
                                 Dload  Upload   Total   Spent    Left  Speed
100    36  100    36    0     0      9      0  0:00:04  0:00:03  0:00:01     9{"results":"wrighttara@example.net"} is this expectation of having %20 for blanks in query string fine ?
docker run -e OPEN_AI_PROXY_TOKEN=your_token_value -e OPEN_AI_PROXY_URL=your_proxy_url -e OPEN_AI_EMBEDDING_URL=your_embedding_url -p 8000:8000 how do we get out urls inside, hardcode?
Can you help with docker size image? is it 2 GB?
I want to reset my aiproxys i have used them all if i could even buy some would work i need it to test my app or could iitm help in resetting it please tell
could u help me in q9 thats the one left
@carlton my aiproxy is also exhausted please help me out
sir my api tokens limit reached to one dollar , hiw to reset it
bro can you help me with q2
How to handle task a8 ? I tried pytesseract but gave wrong results.EasyOCR is giving the exact answer so tried in docker but some Model download is interrupting the flow of evaluate.py resulting in error . I appreciate any help/procedure or code to handle taska8. Thanks in advance.
Did you get any solution to this
u can use groq api groq api is compatible with openai
whats up? /////////////////////
bro can please check my repo i am only able to do 7 tasks. repo url: GitHub - 23f2005593/tds-project-1: TDS Project 1
got the docker working?
@carlton @Jeeveash.k sir i submitted the wrong docker image file while submitted the form. Can you please let me change it, or make it such that we can reupload it thank you.
22f3001011 I’ve enabled “Allow response editing” on the form. I think that means you can edit your response… but since you had submitted it before it was enabled, I’m not sure what the procedure is. Worst case, please submit again.
