Please make this change in evaluation.py In evaluation script url of datagen.py is different than actual one please change it evaluation.py line 72 Install uv (if required) and run the script https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public/tds-2025-01/datagen.py change this to Install uv (if required) and run the script https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public/tds-2025-01/project-1/datagen.py
very true there is too much confusion Id like to ask if you know that evaluate.py is mean to run only for user@example.com or our own mail too  because there was written You MUST use your Student Id (eg. 22f3xxxxxx@ds.study.iitm.ac.in) to do the Project, otherwise your score will not be considered for evaluation.
Hi any one have any idea on the below, SyntaxError: illegal target for annotation I’m getting this error only when i run the evaluate.py but in with postman it works as expected. Anyone please help on this
Screenshot 2025-02-15 071910 1919×1021 71.3 KB sir why the datagen.py in not created in the tree and the data folder please help me @s.anand @Jivraj @carlton
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/a/e/ae2a4772672aef536d8e69b87e59e4f94853ebc8_2_690x367.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
created in toot, cd /data in docker will take you there.
Screenshot 2025-02-15 075843 1919×1017 70.9 KB is changes is required in Dockerfile
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/d/2/d2cb339eab8983304f220c258a57f4db8cd76213_2_690x365.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
i too got the same error you can change the the tools part in your payload to "tools": [{"type": "function", "function": schema} for schema in function_schema]
i think you have to run the following command uv run datagen.py <your_email> --root ./data try to include --root ./data in your code
sorry i forgot the change the name of function_schema to tools please you do that
@carlton @Jivraj Hello, just a silly question, if my code runs well in docker environment with /data in root directory, will it be fine ? or should i keep the relative ./data directory like in the lecture ? Thanks
The reason in the lecture they were using ./data was because they were debugging in their local machine not in the docker. For the docker image (the official submission) you must use /data. It is a clear requirement mentioned in the project page. Thats why it works fine when you use it in the docker image. Kind regards
Screenshot 2025-02-15 101818 858×521 24.4 KB @Jivraj @carlton hello sir i need help here. I have pushed my image into a docker repo and trying to submit it on ht google form. but it is not accepting it and asking to remove the tag . What do i do ?
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/9/69011e1ad4ea3c00a9294163be28e49ebc671faa.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Alright sir.  Thank you very much for your help.
Are multiple submissions allowed for project?
A8 720×1280 85.1 KB @carlton @Jivraj please check this one…
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/6/8/68423b54f8da150ecf68a17a19215d51def3ae83_2_281x500.jpeg' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Hi @carlton @Jivraj sir, For A2 do i need to install node in the docker? I’m getting error with npx. please suggest some way sir?
if i have two repo on docker , is there any problem in that
image 684×316 12.7 KB why do i get this error? can someone please help me out @Jivraj @carlton …Anyone pls help
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/6/b63973070de46f577b8184dd1cdeae4449e60a64.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
can u please share the base proxy url
I’m also getting the same error. I have used a proxy URL and token. Before, it was working, but now it’s not.
