sir or anyone can you please provide what should be the content inside the docker file … i am getting confuse like /data or python-slim etc … i am done with locally testing and only this thing left.
yes please explain somebody. What should be inside the dockerfile
Hi , Anyone completed Task B, I don’t know how to combine task A (function calling) and task B (self creating python code) can anyone suggest how to do that? It will be really helpful
“ http://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1 ” use this as proxy URL. its working for me now!
How to resolve this? sarvan108@SURIYA:/mnt/c/Users/sarva/OneDrive/Documents/Knowledge/IIT Madras Datascience/tds_pro$ uv run app.py Traceback (most recent call last): File “/mnt/c/Users/sarva/OneDrive/Documents/Knowledge/IIT Madras Datascience/tds_pro/app.py”, line 10, in from fastapi import FastAPI ModuleNotFoundError: No module named ‘fastapi’ sarvan108@SURIYA:/mnt/c/Users/sarva/OneDrive/Documents/Knowledge/IIT Madras Datascience/tds_pro$ pip show fastapi WARNING: Package(s) not found: fastapi sarvan108@SURIYA:/mnt/c/Users/sarva/OneDrive/Documents/Knowledge/IIT Madras Datascience/tds_pro$ pip install fastapi error: externally-managed-environment × This environment is externally managed ╰─> To install Python packages system-wide, try apt install python3-xyz, where xyz is the package you are trying to install. If you wish to install a non-Debian-packaged Python package,
create a virtual environment using python3 -m venv path/to/venv.
Then use path/to/venv/bin/python and path/to/venv/bin/pip. Make
sure you have python3-full installed.

If you wish to install a non-Debian packaged Python application,
it may be easiest to use pipx install xyz, which will manage a
virtual environment for you. Make sure you have pipx installed.

See /usr/share/doc/python3.12/README.venv for more information. note: If you believe this is a mistake, please contact your Python installation or OS distribution provider. You can override this, at the risk of breaking your Python installation or OS, by passing --break-system-packages. hint: See PEP 668 for the detailed specification.
sir, It is a humble requests from my side, to plz extend the deadline. Because student like who come from non technical background, are unable to come up with this project… though we have somehow comeup with the GAs taking the helps of groups, seniors and sessions. Moreover I am Dual Degree student. It is very hectic for me. Sir you won’t believe but I am continuously trying since last week. Specially after the release of the sessions… Whole day and night have gone like nothing, infront of the computer… Plz sir understand the situation and extend the deadline…
23f2003413: http://aiproxy.sanand.workers.dev/openai/v1 For me it says invalid path
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://dub1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/user_avatar/discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/23f2003413/48/66883_2.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
@carlton @Jivraj
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/5/4/545dc513707cfdd63db2d8d88d8c355d88316c55.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
same issue happening with me even though working for last whole week only got 4 correct . please extend some time so we can complete the project as weekends are the time when we get a day off from our primary college and can work with full attention on this project.
it usually happens in some GNU/Linux OS. since you are using some distribution based on Debian namely Ubuntu or whatever try doing sudo apt install python-packagename (replace package name with fastapi for fastapi) then it works. It usually happens due to manual intervention with pip3 the user might break some system dependencies which require some python3 package. No need to worry about it. Another Fix: try using a virtual environment which is highly suggested since there is no chance for you to interfere with the system packages. create a venv using python3 -m venv name_of_venv add this line to your .bashrc in ~ folder as source /path/to/your/venv/location and run source .bashrc. This time no error occurs as you do everything in your virtual environment you can install anything python3 package using pip3 install package name. It even happened for me Screenshot_20250215_143357 3841×1009 237 KB
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/1/5/15e33e0ab5319a089a3cf734a66b3318dc7d08ac_2_690x181.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Most of your questions and doubts will be solved in todays sessions. First 20 mins will be a clear overview of the logic and workflow and how evaluation actually works. Rest of the session will be bug fixing and doubts. Kind regards
EXPECTED: Everybody significant bank herself them process build body. Price live size. Assume begin better language east like machine. New customer green strategy. Feeling stock experience certainly history talk buy. Quality perform appear human general religious feeling. Kid indicate fear word win carry. During professional sport growth citizen glass great student. Exactly receive cause. Couple off current between role natural. Wind develop world next. Impact appear capital cold stock we. Quality get run case huge that. Use century general above more region. Radio him quality stage. Truth least military dinner growth. Study maybe source. For expect imagine. Analysis remain voice dog sit part. Safe them store spring life girl. House bring challenge. Tell but rock able great. Mouth president worker common Mr billion. RESULT: “Everybody significant bank herself them process build body. Price live size. Assume begin better language east like machine.\nNew customer green strategy.\nFeeling stock experience certainly history talk buy. Quality perform appear human general religious feeling. Kid indicate fear word win carry.\nDuring professional sport growth citizen glass great student. Exactly receive cause. Couple off current between role natural.\nWind develop world next. Impact appear capital cold stock we. Quality get run case huge that.\nUse century general above more region. Radio him quality stage. Truth least military dinner growth.\nStudy maybe source. For expect imagine.\nAnalysis remain voice dog sit part. Safe them store spring life girl.\nHouse bring challenge. Tell but rock able great.\nMouth president worker common Mr billion.” it is the error i am facing but when i am opening manually, i am not getting any error, what should I do? this same issue is with 3-4 questions
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/warning.png?v=12' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/warning.png?v=12' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
when will the session be conducted and how can we join it sir?
Hi Thanks. Yes. it works when venv is created. But I see that it was working find in Week 5-Session 1 video without creating virtual environment.
I will not submit project.
Get authentication token from this AI Proxy and usage and follow documentation for sending requests. sanand0/aiproxy: Authorizing proxy for LLMs
No Problems, just fill form with correct image name in google forms.
yes npx will require node to be installed.
@Jivraj when would today’s live session be conducted and how can we attend it sir
evaluate.py is not working sir.
