We have not specified a size limit for the docker image, so in theory there is not a limit to the docker image size. Kind regards
Hello @carlton Sir, While running evaluate.py , I have observed that the expected  and actual output is having difference like “\n” then also it marks task as fail. eg: EXPECTED: Cover west give likely individual though question inside. System many human plant card among provide. Large former seek mouth there long. Attention officer successful. Us population the true show. Real cold if play side wind affect. Street cause investment receive have miss page station. Cold rest term her conference. Animal sure campaign new. Meeting back page exactly itself book forward. Decision western series under from shoulder. Pay during feeling newspaper human. Professional old recent beyond girl three human. Difficult yourself build increase back put others. Although artist operation thing skin lead. Billion deep measure down adult suggest. Anything action start artist when first. Whole way know down. Music machine trip father rather. Must medical bad law issue. Someone explain seven maintain wrong day factor property. RESULT: “Cover west give likely individual though question inside. System many human plant card among provide. Large former seek mouth there long.\nAttention officer successful. Us population the true show.\nReal cold if play side wind affect. Street cause investment receive have miss page station.\nCold rest term her conference. Animal sure campaign new.\nMeeting back page exactly itself book forward. Decision western series under from shoulder. Pay during feeling newspaper human. Professional old recent beyond girl three human.\nDifficult yourself build increase back put others.\nAlthough artist operation thing skin lead. Billion deep measure down adult suggest. Anything action start artist when first.\nWhole way know down. Music machine trip father rather.\nMust medical bad law issue.\nSomeone explain seven maintain wrong day factor property.\n” A5 FAILED Will this be considered as failure in actual evaluation as well or will this be taken care in actual evaluation?
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/warning.png?v=12' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/warning.png?v=12' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://emoji.discourse-cdn.com/google/x.png?v=12' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
image 1412×248 16.3 KB Im able to execute the query succesfully. image 1109×570 40.3 KB But the data gets downloaded to C drive instead of the project folder The datagen.py file is in the project folder itself. image 821×149 9.61 KB am I making any error when setting the directories? Please help, have been facing this issue since the beginning of this project, initially tried to move the files from C drive to project folder but that does not seem like a viable solution.
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/7/5/7567f3068b587402b54f6d01f3e133f6c21a114a_2_690x121.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/6/2/622e4a15020aefe140e92f8aa38035c5518ae41a_2_690x354.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/6/5/65498f6319cf654240d6dbf5f62a9313ebd5fd41.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
image 1123×760 42.8 KB I am also running datagen.py in the project directory, yet data folder is created in C drive.
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/1/213611a3e30fbaa75a62a4a99c19b20458a92609.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
@jkmadathil sir plz renew my token… Showing, {‘message’: ‘On 2025-02 you used $2.0041067399999912, exceeding $2’} Sorry sir!..
use PlainTextResponse for /read
Plz do someone reply.
@carlton @s.anand @Jivraj Please review the code and help me fix the error in order to proceed further. Thanks.
github.com/ANdIeCOOl/TDS_CLUTCH_PROJECT_1 README.md main # TDS_CLUTCH_AT_6AY using code generation, getting 6/10 or * if lucky, similar comments needs a tool function call for sure, maybe someone can implement and create pull request, if you all can get 10/10 fine tuning with tool functions @Jivraj @carlton Please help if it meets deliverables
Sir I need a help, In hte B portion where no any destination and source files are given… There we need to ask the user to povide the source and destination files or does we should store it in any default file locations… As the statement is very vauge saying the “agent should handle this”… Thanks Sir!!
@jkmadathil @carlton @Jivraj Sir earlier my code was running fine, but after the assigment of the new token, it is now showing 400 bad request, which simply implies there is something wrong with the token… plz do something sir… I have do have cross verified the new token been correctly been assigned to the system variable…
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/9/3/9334f2224cfb61ea025ddfe149bbfd3df02db6f2.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
More Particularily the failure occurs in the response portion… def get_completions(prompt: str):
    print("Inside get_completions")#Debug
    with httpx.Client(timeout=20) as client:
        response = client.post(
            f"{openai_api_chat}",
            headers=headers,
            json=
                {
                    "model": "gpt-4o-mini",
                    "messages": [
                                    {"role": "system", "content": "You are a function classifier that extracts structured parameters from queries."},
                                    {"role": "user", "content": prompt}
                                ],
                    "tools": [
                                {
                                    "type": "function",
                                    "function": function
                                } for function in function_definitions_llm
                            ],
                    "tool_choice": "auto"
                },
        )

    print("DId suceessful llm calll")#Debug INFO:     127.0.0.1:52108 - "POST /run?task=The+SQLite+database+file+%60%2Fdata%2Fticket-sales.db%60+has+a+%60tickets%60+with+columns+%60type%60%2C+%60units%60%2C+and+%60price%60.+Each+row+is+a+customer+bid+for+a+concert+ticket.+What+is+the+total+sales+of+all+the+items+in+the+%22Gold%22+ticket+type%3F+Write+the+number+in+%60%2Fdata%2Fticket-sales-gold.txt%60 HTTP/1.1" 400 Bad Request
is there any limit on the size of the docker image @Jivraj @carlton ? because mine is about 5.6Gb
bhai nhi hai… koi size limit
uv run https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sanand0/tools-in-data-science-public/tds-2025-01/project-1/evaluate.py Installed 13 packages in 543ms Traceback (most recent call last): File “/tmp/evaluateF6zgG9.py”, line 20, in from datagen import ( …<9 lines>… ) ModuleNotFoundError: No module named ‘datagen’ I am getting this error when I try to run evaluate.py when I run the evaluate.py by having datagen.py in same folder , it is running perfectly. But my doubt is only after task a1 runs the datagen.py will be downloaded into the /data folder right ? @carlton @Saransh_Saini @Jivraj Kindly help me with this issue
Use following as first parameter of subprocess.run() to create data/ directory inside your project instead of C: drive ["uv", "run", script_url, user_email, "--root", "./data"] Also, you don’t need to download to script, you can directly run it from the url.
The reason for error is evaluate.py is trying to import datagen.py which doesn’t exist in your system. I’ll suggest download both the files, keep them in same folder and run evaluate.py from your computer
Yes actually Thats my doubt , when I run both in same folder it is working , but only after task a1 runs datagen.py will be downloaded in /data folder  right ?, or did I misunderstood something??
Generation-Based Automation Agent (No Hard Coding) Repository Link: GitHub - 23f2005593/tds Currently, it can complete 7 out of 10 tasks. In reality, it can complete 9 out of 10 tasks, but the expected results are not flexible in evaluate.py file. If we can extract credit card numbers, it will be able to complete 10 out of 10 tasks. Please contribute to this repository. We will win together.
{ “message”: “On 2025-02 you used $2.0041388599999848, exceeding $2” } What to do?
