Hey team, I just moved my Dockerfile to the root level on my Github repo. Hope this solves the issue. Small doubt: Do i need to submit the google form again?
I ran out of tokens. Please help me. Please its urgent.
@carlton sir @s.anand sir please provide me more tokens, I am out of tokens i don’t knwo what happened i hade 151 requests use and 0.09 usd and suddenly i check it was 300 requests and 2 usd i don’t knwo what happened can you provide me more tokens.
Dear @s.anand , @carlton , @Jivraj , and @Saransh_Saini Thank you all for this wonderful project. Coming from a non-coding background, I have learned a lot new things throughout this project building process. @carlton Sir, yesterday’s session provided valuable insights into Method 1 (prompt engineering) for dynamically handling tasks. I was able to develop an application using this approach; however, due to submission time constraints, I could not verify all tasks (my bad). While I tested some tasks and found the results to be highly accurate, I was unable to validate everything thoroughly. Therefore, I submitted the function-calling approach (Method 2) instead. I sincerely appreciate everyone’s guidance and support.
Did you ran out of tokens suddenly like me ? How many requests have you sent in total ?
can u share ur repo i really need it
Thanks @lakshaygarg654 for this feedback. Glad to know you learned from our efforts, it means a lot. This proves that even a person from non-tech background with determination can achieve it.
sir pls provide more token @Saransh_Saini @Jivraj @s.anand sir pls , give any reply we have only 2 hr left
Change the name of your dockerfile to “Dockerfile”
yes sir please provide more tokens to me also @s.anand @Jivraj @carlton @Saransh_Saini
i hope i get 1 mark xD im getting tasks only maybe 3 / 10
i have done many attempt but it is not working please show  my environment saying fastapi is not installed but i have installed and it is showing on checking but no running file it is saying no module i have installed in both virtual and system please help
image 1919×1016 117 KB this problem occuring sir since two days
Error: Failed to process image URL 'https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/optimized/3X/d/0/d084b074bcf4af69fe3e57753664fd39b016c2ef_2_690x365.png' after 5 retries. Last error: 429 Client Error: Too Many Requests for url: https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models/gemini-2.0-flash:generateContent?key=AIzaSyDqHqkYWWr_VlNmsL-SYK4wKl4tPElJmhw
How long does it take to make a docker image, I’ve been doing it for the past 25 minutes and it’s still not completed.
Your LLM app should be designed like it can give desire result based on task desc at run endpoint, and that result should be accessible at read endpoint. Evaluation file just for reference to check how things works and it works for phase A tasks only. Also ensure datagen.py file and evaluation.py file are latest. There is one issue in evaluation.py file for task A1,  link of datagen.py file not correct, rectify that link. Even it corrected in GitHub repo file but when I download that raw file in local system it takes back previous link.
I WONDER HOW MANY API REQUESTS THE SERVER IS PROCESSING . It’s too slow
too much in the last few hours it feel
I guess what is done is done. I should have maintained my version history properly. I am getting 4 correct but with minor formatting issues so only 1 correct I guess.
It was tough… I will probably not score much but I enjoyed it a lot. Thank you for pushing us so hard. At least I am not scared of docker now and function calling feels easier than before.
Well done, everyone! This is not an easy project. This is the kind of work our clients are asking us for. I will keep you posted on the evaluation on this thread, it progresses. 2025-02-16T18:31:00Z Google Form closed 2025-02-16T18:35:00Z Validating submissions. Will post results shortly
