This is the official page for discussing anything related to the ROE itself. Please limit posts on this thread to technical questions or doubts regarding the ROE itself. The Remote Online Exam has been scheduled for Sunday, 2nd March 2025 ( 02/03/2025 ) at 1:00pm The exam link will become available at the below mentioned site, 1 hour before the start time: https://study.iitm.ac.in/ds/exam.html [EDIT] There will be a Gmeet manned by the course team from Sunday, March 2, 2025 7:20 AM → Sunday, March 2, 2025 8:20 AM to solve your technical issues (timeouts, question not visible etc). Please do not ask concept related questions in this meet. Use this only for clarifying technical issues. If your issue is resolved, PLEASE EXIT THE MEET. Lurkers will be penalized There is a bonus provided for student feedback on the ROE exam preparation and attempt. This will be available till Sunday, March 2, 2025 11:30 AM All the best, TDS Team
The image is a simple, bright yellow emoji.  It depicts a face with a wide, beaming smile, exposing a full set of white teeth. The eyes are closed and shaped like crescent moons, suggesting a cheerful and jovial expression. It conveys happiness, laughter, or a generally positive emotion.

Would we be able to start work on the questions 1 hour before the exam start time?
@bhashwar_sengupta No that will not be possible. It will go live only at 1 pm.
Got it. Thank you. Also, are there any standard set of instructions that we need to follow during the ROE, like in OPPEs?
Is it 45 minutes long?
No, it is 45 minutes ‘short’
@carlton will exam take place on the IITM Exam Portal (like other JAVA, Python OPPE) or will it take place on the TDS course portal like we had for Weekly GA?
Hello @carlton sir, I could only find one live session of ROE in youtube. Can you please point out where are the other recordings?
All week 7 sessions are ROE mock solving questions. Only the 4th session was a special session and was labelled as such, but it also has a mock solving component. These are all available on the Youtube channel
Sir we have to join the google meet for ROE or it’s an open book exam?
Is there a google meet that we have to join for proctoring?
@carlton I hope the Remote Online Exam (ROE) is ready to be uploaded to the portal. Is there any update regarding the additional time request? Can we expect any consideration on this? I submitted my request at the following link: Request for additional time for roe
@carlton Is the exam link enabled yet? Not able to see TDS in the table given at Exam
I am not being able to see the ROE link on the website where it is supposed to appear i.e. https://study.iitm.ac.in/ds/exam.html Can someone please inform if it is available for them ?
no it’s not available
Awaiting link image 1920×1080 277 KB
IIT Madras's website displays application information for the May 2025 batch, closing on May 20, 2025, with exams on July 13, 2025. A table details exam timings for Python A1 (P1-P64), Python A2 (P65-P128), and Java, all on March 2nd, 2025, providing exam links.
Not available yet at the exam portal
I still couldn’t see the link being displayed in the link you mentioned?
Exam link is available now on the portal.
