image 1880×873 141 KB As you can see in this screen shot i already tried this question and getting error so i posted it on discourse. But still i did not get any marks for attempting this question. i got only 9/10.
In a "Data Sourcing" discussion thread dated January 2025, user "A" reports a recurring error: "Could not find location ID for Nur-Sultan" when running code related to fetching weather data from the BBC website. The error message points to a "NameError" indicating that 'location_id' is undefined in the code, likely causing a problem in constructing the weather URL.
Hello @s.anand @carlton Sir, As can be seen, my roll number is present in this list (21f2000588) and in GA4 I have got 10/10 but unfortunately, that bonus mark hasn’t been added (as can be seen from the score displayed on the dashboard). So I request you to add that bonus mark to the total kindly. Hoping for a positive response. Thanks & Regards Digvijaysinh Chudasama 21f2000588
@22f2000008 Your roll number is in the list shared by professor Anand.
image 1900×860 118 KB I am not saying anything regarding bonus marks. I am asking GA4 q4  about Nur-Sultan in this question everyone getting error after post in discourse ,sir say who attempt this question get a marks .But i am not recieved this question marks
The image shows a discussion thread titled "GA4 - Data Sourcing" from January 2025. Rohitgarg notes that updates aren't reflected. Carlton, a Course TA, mentions that anyone receiving the Nur-Sultan parameter and attempting the question will receive a mark, addressing users @2313002537, @21f3000745, and @Jeleshiya. The thread shows the last activity on Feb 18.
if a student has 10/10 and his name is in the bonus list, how would that look like in the dashboard? I don’t think it is added in my case.
It will show up as 110  marks. Bonus marks are for all discourse posts on this thread that Anand has identified as valid. I have provided operations team with the update corrected scores. You will start seeing them in the dashboard soon. Also these are the list of students that have been affected by Nur-Sultan in their questions. These will get an automatic mark for that question if they attempted it. Note that this is not a bonus mark. This is a free mark. 23f3002537@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 23f3003875@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 21f3002112@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 23f2003437@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 22f3002236@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 22f3001705@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 22f2000008@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 21f1001892@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 23f1002075@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 23f1001126@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 22f3002661@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 22f2000506@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 24f1002149@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 23f2002473@ds.study.iitm.ac.in Kind regards
Please refer to this reply. GA4 - Data Sourcing - Discussion Thread [TDS Jan 2025] Tools in Data Science It will show up as 110  marks. Bonus marks are for all discourse posts on this thread that Anand has identified as valid. I have provided operations team with the update corrected scores. You will start seeing them in the dashboard soon. 
Also these are the list of students that have been affected by Nur-Sultan in their questions. These will get an automatic mark for that question if they attempted it. Note that this is not a bonus mark. This is a free mark. 
23f3002537@ds.study.iitm.ac.in 
23f3… Kind regards
The image shows a man with short, dark hair and fair skin. He's wearing glasses and a purple button-down shirt. He's facing the camera with a slight smile, and the background appears to be a plain, light-colored wall. The lighting suggests a well-lit indoor environment.

For those who didn’t submit but still need to practice the questions like to check if the answer is right, or cross-check the solutions for GA 4 and GA 5, is there a special link where the portal just checks the answer and says right or wrong. I wasn’t able to do GA4 or even try to attempt GA 5 before deadline, but i would like to go through the process of submitting etc. is there any link or solutions for GA 4 and GA5.
is there anyway to practice the assignments and check answers even though the deadline for the assignment passes? or is the answer given somewhere just for learning sake. I  understand that each set of students get different questions. @Jivraj @carlton @s.anand
