Hi Tanya, This is problem with few more students We have identified this issued and we are working on it. Thanks
Hi Team, I have attended the Graded Assignment for Tools in Data Science for the week 4 and the saved scores says i have got 2 marks. ( TDS 2025 Jan GA4 - Data Sourcing). But in the evaluation it says i have not submitted the GA4 from this course. Can you please clarify the same. Attached the screenshots for both image 1854×888 107 KB
The screenshot displays a webpage for an IITM BS student assignment, ending on February 9, 2025. It encourages participation in the "GA4 - Data Sourcing" discussion thread for bonus marks. The logged-in user, 23f1002510@ds.study.iitm.ac.in, has a score of 0, but recent saves show scores of 2 at various times on February 9, 2025.
Hi @23f1002510 We have identified this problem for few more students and we are working on correcting it. Thanks and regards
Previously I was getting shown that my marks of assignment 1 to be 77.5 but now I am getting shown that as 0 so please have a look upon that if it is some kind of a glitch or something. @carlton @Jivraj
My week 1 score is showing absent in TDS from yesterday. Earlier it was showing 87.5 suddenly what happened I don’t understand its showing as absent… I have submitted my week 1 assignment before the deadline. Is it the same for every one or only for me… please some one clarify Screenshot_20250218_193224 1080×2408 213 KB
The image shows a student's page from the IIT Madras online degree program in Data Science and Applications, dated February 18, 2025.  The student's current CGPA is 6.48.  The student is taking a "Tools in Data Science" course, and their assignment grades are listed, with Week 1 being absent, Week 2 with a 75.00, Week 3 with a 100.00 and Week 4 with a 90.00.
@23f1000104 I have checked the backend server, we have your week 1 score as 87.5. Dont worry we will fix it. Thanks for bringing it to our attention. Kind regards
@22f3000935 I can confirm that your score 77.5 was after midnight of the deadline. Your actual score before the deadline it was 70. Screenshot 2025-02-19 at 10.57.15 am 2624×358 28.8 KB We will fix it. Thanks for bringing it to our attention. Kind regards
The image displays a table-like structure with data related to "tds-2025-01-gal" associated with email "22f3000935@ds.study.iitm.ac.in."  It includes timestamps like "2025-01-27 00:00:23" and "2025-01-26 23:59:01," along with numerical values "7.75" and "7," all followed by the number "10."

@23f1002510 We can can confirm our backend shows that you got 20. We will fix it. Thanks for bringing it to our attention. Kind regards
@21f3000745 I can confirm that your week 3 score is 63.2 on the backend server. Thanks for brining it to our attention. We will fix it. Kind regards
@22f3001316 I can confirm that it is 90 for week 1 on our back end server. It will be corrected thanks for bringing it to our attention. Kind regards
@23f2005283 Hi I can confirm that week 2 score is 90 on our back end server. We will fix it thanks for bringing it to our attention. Kind regards
@23f1002223 I can confirm that week 2 and 3 are 55 and 36.8 respectively on our back end server. We will fix it. Thanks for brining it to our attention. Kind regards
@23f2005283 I can confirm that week 2 is 90 on our server. We will fix it on dashboard. Thanks for brining it to our attention. Kind regards
@23f2000237 I can confirm that on our back end server it is 90. We will fix it in the dashboard. Thanks for brining it to our attention. Kind regards
@22f2000559 We can confirm that your week 1 and week 2 scores are 57.5 and 70 respectively on the back end server. We will fix it in the dashboard and thanks for brining it to our attention. Kind regards
@23f2000237 I can confirm that your ga4 is 90 on our back end server. We will fix it in dashboard and thanks for brining it to our attention. Kind regards
@23F3004407_RATANPRIY I can confirm that your GA3 score is 84.2 on our backend server. We will push it to dashboard. Thanks for brining it to our attention. Kind regards
@22f3000370 I can confirm that on the back end server we have your scores for week 2 and week 4 as 40 and 80 respectively. We will push these to the dashboard. Thanks for notifying us. Kind regards
But sir my last scored marks was 7.5 when i submitted. Then how my score is 63.2. @carlton
@dshail We have your weekly scores as 75.0, 100.0, 89.5, 70.0 on our back end server We will update the dashboard and thanks for brining it to our attention. Kind regards
