Sir, I am not able to understand how to solve Q7 in GA4. kindly guide me how to solve this question or provide some tutorial video to complete it. As the deadline is of today please provide the tutorial video for this question soon. @Saransh_Saini , @Jivraj , @carlton
Just create the url with query parameters city and followers.
Can you please elaborate a little bit what should be the steps ?
Connect to the GitHub API-  it lets you fetch user data automatically(go to github developer settings ->personal acceess tokens->tokens(classic) Search for Users with criteria mentioned in your question We organize the list from newest to oldest, making it easy to spot the freshest account.
Ok thank you for the help.
Hi Sakshi, It seems you have already got your answers. Kindly mark the solution these two people have given, so that anyone facing the same issue would be able to get to it easily.
Sir I am having trouble in q8 also whenever I am pushing commit in git hub it was showing in GitHub repository but it is not working in git hub actions. 17391246723344959529301152516720 1920×1440 174 KB
The image shows the "Actions" tab of a GitHub repository owned by Sakshi6749. The tab displays the "All workflows" section, specifically showing the runs of the "Daily Commit" workflow. There are three workflow runs listed, all related to the "main" branch, with the latest one failing 33 minutes ago and the other two failing 4 hours ago.
17391247584894314599446477469566 1920×1440 170 KB It is working in repo
The image shows the GitHub repository "my-repo" owned by Sakshi6749.  The repository contains a .github/workflows directory, and a README.md file. Recent commits have been made ("third time" and "changes done"), with the latest occurring 31 minutes ago. The repository has 1 watcher and no stars or forks.

