@s.anand Actually, I’m using a personal laptop. Is this country dependent or restricted?
Check this link from akamai
Did you try the following: ping exam.sanand.workers.dev tracert exam.sanand.workers.dev This is what I got while doing this: ping exam.sanand.workers.dev

Pinging exam.sanand.workers.dev [104.21.31.149] with 32 bytes of data:
Reply from 104.21.31.149: bytes=32 time=9ms TTL=58
Reply from 104.21.31.149: bytes=32 time=8ms TTL=58
Reply from 104.21.31.149: bytes=32 time=8ms TTL=58
Reply from 104.21.31.149: bytes=32 time=9ms TTL=58

Ping statistics for 104.21.31.149:
    Packets: Sent = 4, Received = 4, Lost = 0 (0% loss),
Approximate round trip times in milli-seconds:
    Minimum = 8ms, Maximum = 9ms, Average = 8ms tracert exam.sanand.workers.dev

Tracing route to exam.sanand.workers.dev [104.21.31.149]
over a maximum of 30 hops:

  1     2 ms     2 ms     2 ms  192.168.18.1
  2     5 ms     6 ms     4 ms  10.122.0.1
  3     *        *        6 ms  172.17.0.2
  4     5 ms     5 ms     4 ms  172.17.0.109
  5    16 ms     8 ms     8 ms  10.8.1.2
  6    21 ms     8 ms     8 ms  103.70.37.171
  7    10 ms     8 ms     8 ms  104.21.31.149

Trace complete. You could also try switching Google Public DNS and see if the site is getting picked up in your next query. Helpful Resources Ping+Tracert for troubleshooting network connections Product pages for err_network_changed error Network Troubleshooting skills and commands
Thank you JK. I have another question. I should have asked that before this npx -y prettier@3.4.2 README.md 
npm ERR! code E404
npm ERR! 404 Not Found - GET https://registry.npmjs.org/README.md - Not found
npm ERR! 404 
npm ERR! 404  'README.md@latest' is not in the npm registry.
npm ERR! 404 Your package name is not valid, because 
npm ERR! 404  1. name can no longer contain capital letters
npm ERR! 404
npm ERR! 404 Note that you can also install from a
npm ERR! 404 tarball, folder, http url, or git url.

npm ERR! A complete log of this run can be found in:
npm ERR!     C:\Users\sivab\AppData\Roaming\npm-cache\_logs\2025-01-14T17_22_04_622Z-debug.log
Install for [ 'README.md@latest' ] failed with code 1 This is throwing an error. Please help
This is regarding Question 11. I have extracted all the elements and added them manually. Tried all the options. Not even one appears to be correct . I evne tried ChatGPT which gave the answer as 411. Which of the following should be chosen? <div class="d-none" title="This is the hidden element with the data-value attributes">
        <div class="bar baz" data-value="17">
          <div class="baz foo" data-value="29"></div>
          <div class="foo" data-value="20"></div>
        </div>
        <div class="bar foo baz" data-value="71">
          <div class="foo" data-value="48"></div>
          <span class="foo" data-value="30"></span>
          <div class="foo bar" data-value="90">
            <div class="bar" data-value="8"></div>
            <div class="" data-value="48"></div>
          </div>
        </div>
        <div class="baz foo" data-value="58">
          <div class="baz foo" data-value="19"></div>
          <div class="foo bar" data-value="76"></div>
        </div>
        <div class="bar baz" data-value="89">
          <div class="foo bar" data-value="38"></div>
          <div class="foo bar" data-value="9"></div>
        </div>
      </div>
siva.bhaskaran: npx -y prettier@3.4.2 README.md Shouldn’t it be npx -y prettier@3.4.2 --write README.md or npx prettier README.md (Depending on whether to write or read)? Apologies, I may not know full context of the question, as I haven’t attempted GA1 fully yet
The image features a blurry white letter "S" against a solid purple background. The letter appears slightly out of focus, giving it a soft and indistinct appearance. The overall image is simple and minimalist.

I had this same doubt, I tried by adding the “span” tag’s value too it showed correct for me. I’d suggest you to try that.
Oh, good catch, @23f2000237 and @siva.bhaskaran - I made a mistake in the evaluation script. It included the span . I fixed it. Note: None of the earlier answers are affected, i.e. if you got it right earlier, it’ll stay right.
It’s hackable . It’s possible to get the answer to some questions by hacking the code for this quiz. That’s allowed. What does exactly mean, if someone could elaborate without giving it away, please? @carlton
I have tried but still am unable to do only that question if someone can help me with the code because everytime im getting a different answer its my last question
@21f2000370 i hope you wouldve completed it
Use Git bash the problem will be resolved
Hi Daksh, Did you solve it or still facing some issues with it ? Kind regards
im still facing issue in that questioneven after watching the youtube video given and taking help of chatgpt im unable to solve that question only
Hello Gentlemen Instructors, In all the video lectures, I am first required to download the tools, install them on my computer ? Is it not going to overload my computer’s RAM etc., In one of the classes, you said that there is something  - colab like cloud wherein we can go and practice without overloading our own computers. Will you please let me know how to go about it ?? Thanks and regards, ULAGAOOZHIAN, France 24ds1000121
Screenshot 2025-01-18 154321 1317×630 30.9 KB In question 3 of GA-1 while checking the answer  it’s showing incorrect answer. 216375D6F5A1DAF9EB6350251E9F0A7395A0B2988D58ED6E57D9568E8B1AD175 This was the output which I got after the execution of the given code in the question.Kindly guide If I did some error or error in entering the value.
This Powershell terminal shows a user "kaiff" performing hash calculations on a file named "formatted.md".  The user first uses `Get-FileHash` and gets the SHA256 hash.  Then, a prettier command modifies/overwrites the file. Finally,  `certutil` confirms the SHA256 hash matches the previous output, indicating successful processing, as the hash value is still the same.
how to calculate How many Wednesdays are there in the date range 1981-08-30 to 2017-07-17? The dates are in the year-month-day format. Include both the start and end date in your count. You can do this using any tool (e.g. Excel, Python, JavaScript, manually).
=SUM(TAKE(SORTBY({3,7,13,8,7,7,11,11,13,14,0,13,9,14,10,7}, {10,9,13,2,11,8,16,14,7,15,5,4,6,1,3,12}), 1, 16)) I do not have the required excel version can someone please tell how can I find the solution to this one?
@carlton @Jivraj Sir i have saved the answers 2 days ago and scored around 7.5 . now when i open the portal today it is showing as 0 and all the answers has been cleared. how can i restore it.
yes same issue with me as well.2 3 days back i have answered and saved all the questions and today it is showing me 0 and all the answers are gone
