Kindly, anyone guide me how to complete the TDS course. Also throw some light on MLP, Java too
For TDS, you have to understand what the tools are and practise using them. Build little proof of concepts. Having a separate dev environment is usually a good idea incase you mess up the system. WSL (if you are using windows) is usually a good option to do that because many of the tools are primarily linux tools. This does not mean you cannot use another os. Just be prepared to face more challenges. MacOS typically is very similar to linux in the shell. Chief difference is usually not the commands but the installation method for software packages. Nearly any linux command and software package works the same in MacOS with some minor differences in only a very few cases. Windows is the worst of the bunch, because there are some tools that downright do not work on windows and the problems and instructions are usually completely different and including the commands for powershell. Be prepared for spending a lot more time if you are going windows only approach (without a linux vm or wsl). However if you are already comfortable with powershell and the cli quirks of windows then its fine. Bottom line: there are no shortcuts. Practise the concepts. Start early. All the study material is fully available on the site before the term starts (last term). But remeber that TDS changes each term so make sure to check the current term material as well. Kind regards tds.s-anand.net Tools in Data Science
Image URL 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gramener/assets/main/straive-favicon.svg' has an unsupported MIME type ('image/svg+xml'). Skipping explanation.
