Hello Sir, I hope you’re doing well. On behalf of all the students in our course, I wanted to request a deadline extension for the project 2. We’re all putting in our best effort, but we need a little more time to complete it properly. If it’s possible to grant an extension, we would really appreciate it. Please let us know if you can consider this request. Thank you for your time and understanding! Saksham Please sir  ! image 417×406 31 KB
The image showcases an adorable Scottish Fold cat with grey and white tabby markings. It is standing on its hind legs, with its front paws clasped together in front of its mouth, as if pondering or contemplating something. Its large eyes gaze directly at the viewer. The background appears to be a simple wooden floor.
yess sir same with me can u just extend 2hrs like that
i used ngrok. i need to change it to vercel or someother thing. so sir kindly extend the deadline for a day… please sir. this is a kind request from every student
anybody there?..???..???..???..?
Respected Sir, I kindly request a deadline extension of at least 3 minutes for the project submission, similar to what was done for ROE. Due to slow internet connectivity and the absence of WiFi, my submission took longer than usual. As a result, I was only able to upload it at 12:01 AM instead of the regular 11:59 PM deadline. PLEASE Sir, As I’m a standalone student and this is my primary degree after 12th, please do accept it. Thank you tom 1000×750 328 KB
In the image, Tom the cat is kneeling with his eyes closed and his paws clasped together as if he is praying or begging. He has a look of desperation or earnestness on his face. The background shows a blurred outdoor scene with grass and trees, suggesting he is pleading in nature.
sir kindly extend the deadline for a day sir, kind request from tds students. kindly consider our pleadings.
sir i was trying to upload it but due to net issue it got submitted at 12:01. the google form is saying the response is recorded. so  my response is recorded right?
Hi @s.anand and @carlton Sir, It would be really great if the deadline for submission could be extended by one more day. While we understand your reasons, we kindly request you to consider our situation as well.
Hi @carlton @Jivraj I have submitted my fastapi endpoint without the /api at the end. Would this be a problem?
@carlton @Jivraj @s.anand Sir i also didn’t addd /api/ at the end of the url. Will this cause a peoblem?
My project is hosted on render, because vercel refuses to cooperate with me, as a result the free version of render takes a minute to respond, and not only that but might also give internal server error until the 2nd or 3rd try. There is nothing I can do to change this except for maybe sending requests every now and then like it was suggested for another student using render. I just want to know if this is okay for evaluation. @carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini @s.anand
@carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini sir, I also have submitted my fastapi endpoint without /api at the end, please reply if this would be a problem?
@carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini @s.anand Can you please say when the project 2 be evaluated?? since i am using ngrok it is very hard to keep my laptop running and also the result time is given as 15th. no possile way i could run my laptop more than a couple day. kindly provide a solution for ngrok users or please extended a day or so to change from ngrok to someother. this is a kind request. and kindly reply as soon as possible.
me too ,please inform how long will it take .
are we free to edit the google response , to update the ngrok link if it changes cuz in the free version if the laptop restarts so will the link
@carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini @s.anand Yesterday, I don’t mention /api at the end of my dns while submitting the form and I come to know to day we have to add /api at the end of the it. So I edited my response please consider the latest one.
@carlton @Jivraj I have a curious question. I have my project running from azure and code in GitHub repository. What is stopping me from making further change to my deployment because my end point will be same. Anyway my code checksum for the deployment and GitHub code won’t match as I haven’t pushed the token to GitHub. Thanks, Vinil
I did the same mistake and I am just realising it. Will my submission be discarded in that case? Please clarify. @carlton @Jivraj
I reuesting to all my teachers @s.anand , @carlton , @Jivraj , @Saransh_Saini please reply me. What is this going on? Is it joking? Our teachers don’t have enough time to make a separate video for project to explain what to do and how to do? I already have done two project courses and they taught us, even they made 2 - groups just only for discussions in which one is personal and also made a YouTube playlist especially for project. They explained what should be your approach? How to make project? And here, they took only one session just only for show off. And they organised that single session when too many student requests too many times? Are we studying in IIT - The top institute of India or in a cheap and lower than third class government schools. It is the responsibility of our teachers to explain the project, but they are just showing off. Even they never provided the solutions for assignments also. Is it not our right to get solutions so that we can know where we did mistake? They don’t have time to make solutions, they just made an assignment checker which checks the assignments automatically. I don’t think so that they really made any effort in our course. In project-2 also, we need solutions for all graded assignments and so many students request for solutions but our the great teachers ignores the request and didn’t provide the solutions. I think they provide the projects whatever comes in their dreams during sleeping. In weekly study material, don’t have their notes, even they have a very few videos made by them, they just render to other YouTuber’s Youtube videos and online websites. Are we paid just only for these YouTube videos ? If we can understand everything just only from YouTube then why we are studying from the India’s top Engineering institute - The IIT Madras? I have much more better videos than that are provided on YouTube and created by other YouTubers. They only have some points copy pasted from documentations, but they never tried to explain them. Just read, copy and paste in your program. What is it, why it is used for, don’t ask anything. Some students request for extending the time limit of [roject-2 just only for one day, but what was their excuse- "We won’t be able to extend deadline, if we do, then evaluations will get delayed. ". I want to ask them, where is the result of Project-1? The first date of result declaration was 26-Feb, then their another date was 16-March, but until now on 2-Apr, we do not get our results. It is more than 45 days, what is this going on? Nobody tried to ask with our great teachers. But on extending the deadline of project-2 just only for one day, their evaluation will be late. In project-2, we have to continue running our project until they will not evaluate, whether they take more than 1, 2 or more months. Either we have to host online by paying or run our own system for 24x7 unto when, we also don;t know as their result date is also not fixed, it is just a combination of letters and numbers showing on portal. It is our tales it is my right to get solutions for every weekly assignment, but don’t ask them to make efforts. Just pay and do assignments at own risk even you have not understand anything from the copy-pasted material. Just use AI’s or read whatever and wherever you want to read. It is my kind request, our term is going to be completed, but please make some efforts in next term. Thankyou to all my respected ‘The Great Teachers’.
hi, I dont share your views. i feel it was one of the best course in whole of Diploma. I have learned a lot in these projects and even in ROE preparation. all the things we are learning here are open in market and the course contents are great direction towards learning and practicing them. I agree it is stessful, my whole team were in a 9-hour g-meet call on Saturday night. but we have found solutions, shared ideas, try-outs, made fun of each other. but at the end of the day we all agree that we have learnt lots of new things. Regarding Project1 delay: if we think, atleast 1GB of docker image per students for 700+ students. even if parallalize the execution 5 students at a time you still need a very powerfull system to download and amount of data downloading etc… At the end of the day we got a very good result and report with logs to verify for GA’s: it is upto you to copy solutions or learn something out of each GA sections All in all I am happy with the course.
