Please dont ignore this message Sir @carlton @Saransh_Saini
@carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini Sir, just checking if there’s any update. My Azure portal is still running, but the credits are almost used up.
We are sending an email out for all those that have raised an issue within the next few hours. The content of the email will be to keep your server up in the window that we prescribe. That window will be mentioned in the email. You do not need to keep the vm running at the moment. Just check the email when it comes.
Continuing the discussion from TDS Project 2 Score is 0 : @Jivraj @carlton @Saransh_Saini Sir, We respect you and there might be a mistake on your side. But kindly solve all our discrepancies as soon as possible. Regards, Sengathirsoorian E T (Friends, if you have any queries, append in this post)
It is showing absent in my dashboard even though i submitted the project
It is showing absent in mine as well
@carlton @Jivraj I am making this post because I didn’t get reply to my post on the same matter. Please check it out. My app can remain deployed only till April 18th. In the Cloud Run logs, I do see some multiple POST requests made today with 200 response but I’m not sure whether it was the TDS team doing a re-evaluation or someone else. Also, are there any updates on this bug in project 1 in datagen. Thanks. Regards, Shivaditya
Hello, I recieved my Project 2 Scores and I have recieved 20/100. Two of us had shared the code and the other person has recieved higher marks. Whats the reason for this discrepancy? Kindly shed some light on this situation and please share any evaluation logs from your end. @carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini Thanks and Regards
@Saransh Saini @JIVRAJ SINGH SHEKHAWAT please coordinate and check this submission. Thanks & Regards
1 carlton sir i had submitted project 2 and rechecked it multiple time but it is showing absent in project 2 please look into this matter
@carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini I also received 20 in project 2 which I think is not correct. I also tested my api with questions with different parameters to make sure it is giving correct responses with questions with variable parameters. You are requested to kindly recheck and share the evaluation logs.
Hello, I had filled up and submitted the TDS project 2 and I have double check it for working, My Project Score is showing 0 I believe there’s a mistake. Please help me out
same happened with me
It shows ‘Absent’ for me despite submitting the google form.
same with me!! everything was working fine.
same for me! please check
Same for me! please check
@JIVRAJ SINGH SHEKHAWAT @Saransh Saini Please coordinate and check the issues raised. Thanks & Regards
same happened for me ! please check
Same for me! Please check @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini
