Thanks for the understanding @Jivraj
Hi @thinkmachine As we said before that changes in Docker image after deadline won’t be accepted. Even an extension of the deadline won’t help in this case, simply because Docker API doesn’t support timestamp based pulling. However we would be pulling your GitHub repositories before 18th Feb build a Docker container and run evaluations on that.
@Jivraj @carlton @Saransh_Saini request your help in clarification for the same, the Github repo has been always present but it is marking it as fail. Thank you
A sigh of relief! Thank you so much for the heads up @Jivraj . @Saransh_Saini Yup! The Docker issue is perfectly understandable. Even I checked my Hub repo, and I couldn’t seem to find an image having the pre-18th Feb digest. Had I been aware of this issue, and the fact that a re-eval would be carried out, I would’ve tagged the updated image differently. Hopefully, cases like mine will aid in resolving any issues in the future. Once again, thank you both!
@Jivraj @carlton @Saransh_Saini I am still uncertain as to why I received a second email regarding my project 1 score, indicating a failure due to unmet pre-requisites. I have inquired multiple times, yet I have not received a response. Meanwhile, several other posts, both before and after mine, have been addressed. Kindly clarify about that mail. Thankyou
@carlton Sir pls see my issue
I have the same issue. I also received a second mail stating I had failed due to some missing prerequisites though in the first mail my project evaluation had been carried out.
Hi @lakshaygarg654 Dont worry you passed pre-requsites. The script that was used earlier for basic checks used a stricter criteria, the newer one we wrote allowed for a looser check. You have scored very well in your latest run. 12 correct tasks. We have not responded quickly because we are in the midst of finalising all the scores and doing normalisation etc, i.e operational work for Project 1 and 2. We hope to have Project 2 scores out by this weekend. Kind regards
@carlton @Jivraj Sir can you also see the case of Dockerfile name. Many students have named it dockerfile , lower case ‘d’ character instead of upper case. Please sir see through it
Thanks @carlton , for your response. I was never worried about the result, whether it comes late or early. I know you will release it once everything is processed correctly. My concern was only about getting a response. Anyway, thanks for replying. Also, today’s session has been canceled. I wanted to ask about the issue with editing responses in the Project 2 form. Is there any update on this?
Hi just wanted to know, there was no mail prior stating to keep the Dockerfile in the root folder of the repo (correct me if im wrong). Therefore i have put everything inside a folder - wont this be considered? Please clarify if possible. Screenshot 2025-04-02 at 11.41.14 PM 1884×750 69.2 KB Screenshot 2025-04-02 at 11.43.17 PM 2290×744 55.4 KB
This is a GitHub repository named "tds_project1" with one branch (main) and no tags. The repository contains a folder "tds-project-1", a LICENSE file, a README.md file and other readme file. The latest commit, labeled "done," was made 2 months ago, and there are 14 commits in total. The repository is public.
This is a view of the "tds-project1" repository, showing files and a folder within. The latest commit, "21f1002409," was marked "done". Files like '.gitignore', 'Dockerfile', 'README.md', and an 'app' folder all have a last commit message of "done" and a last commit date of 2 months ago.  There is an option to add file at the top.
1000004176 1187×446 55 KB Can anyone explain what errors of this sort mean?
The image shows an HTTP 500 Internal Server Error. The error details indicate a "Task handling error" while trying to get an LLM response. The root cause is identified as an authentication problem (Error 401), specifically an "invalid_issuer" for the authentication token.

You have to show which task triggered this error. Is it all of them or only one of them. Only then we can diagnose what the problem is.
1000004190 1193×1149 136 KB Here it is with the task, however the error doesn’t seem to be related to the task itself based on the returned message in the JSON. It seems to be something wrong with the OpenAI API key. From the reading I did, it seems that the key was perhaps not set properly during evaluation? Not completely sure but please look into it.
The image shows a series of errors encountered while trying to format a file `/data/format.md` using prettier.  A POST request to `/run` resulted in a 500 Internal Server Error due to authentication issues.  A subsequent GET request to `/read` also failed with a 400 Bad Request, indicating the file could not be accessed. Finally, the A2 task failed because it could not read the specified file.

Did all tasks produce the same error?
Yes except B1 somehow.
Hi @AryanTikam I looked at your github repo, You have used python’s openai module for doing project1, but AIPROXY_TOKEN is supposed to be used through anand sir’s proxy.
@carlton @Jivraj @Saransh_Saini Can you pls tell me my project 1 marks My evaluation.py had 2 score First one 1/20 where every task showed error second one had 10/20…
Dockerfile has to be insider root directory of github repo.
This was mistake from our end we rectified it and reevaluated your submission. Your submission has a good score.
